The Joe Rogan experience. Was such a crazy for. I was.
Gonna bring this up. I'm glad you brought that up. So remember the, uh,
everybody's talking about this week in the fight where the Drysdale,
they was telling them to stop the fight. And he was like, Drysdale is like,
just trying to be a coach, try to keep it going or whatever. And there's,
a lot of people are saying,
if the fighter says he doesn't want to do it anymore,
whatever that Simon Marcus fight after three rounds. Now I didn't,
wasn't begging my coach to stop it, but I did not want to go another round.
And I was like, oh, did I win? And like,
I think you're gonna have to do one more. And I'm like, I can't do one more.
I don't want to do one more. I can't do one. One of my coaches like,
you can do it one more round. Then we do it.
Boom. Nope. That's not the punch. A lot of fighters experienced that.
And it's the coach's job, I think, to keep them to try to keep them going.
So I'm on the lawn Drysdale side on that, but ultimately he didn't fight anyway.
They stopped it. Right?
Yeah. Well ultimately he did, but it was, um, very, very controversial,
but I, I get Drysdale position and listen, in retrospect,
like after the conversation is over, yeah.
Maybe you should have called it when the guy said call it.
But in the moment he doesn't know that he can't talk the guy into fighting and
then maybe the guy wins.
Like you don't know what a person's psychological mindset is like,
unless you train with that person. Right.
And there are some people that you can talk into performing better. Right.
That said he took a lot of punishment that second round. Right.
Maybe he knew something. Maybe, maybe it was a good thing to stop.
There's some times when your body's just broken.
There's some times when you shouldn't go on and this debate,
I think is very healthy. The debate of whether or not the coach was right.
Or whether or not the guy was right. Ultimately the guy's right.
Cause he can't go on. So he doesn't, he, he, he quits and he's, you know,
that's his decision. What, he only,
only he knows what was going on with his body.
You remember when Gerald McClellan got criticized for taking a knee against
natural Ben? I don't know if you remember it,
but it was a that's the fight that put Joe McClellan in a coma
and severely handicapped him,
Gerald McClellan at the time was a assassin man. He was so scary,
but he was another guy that cut way too much weight. He cut a lot of weight,
man. It was hard for him. He was really big.
And so when he would get into the F I forget if he's fought 1 68,
I think he was fighting a Roy Jones, his division. He's a 1 68 or 1 75. Get,
pull up Gerald McClellan versus Nigel Benn.
This was the dark destroyer. Cause Nigel Benn. It was a wild fight too.
Nigel's got crazy dreadlocks.
And Jeremy McLellan knocked him through the ropes in the first round because he
was smashed people. He would just smashed people. Right. He was such a,
it was a Cronk guy, right? So he fought like a crank.
I just move in forward behind the jab. Big right hands, just nasty,
vicious puncher. Well,
Nigel Benn gets up and he makes it through the round and,
and then turns into a war.
And then Gerald McClellan starts getting tired and then they clash heads.
And then Nigel hits him with a couple of punches late in the fight.
And when Nigel Benn hit him, see like this was early on. I mean,
this is like this go a little earlier than this.
So we could see this combination, but this was Gerald McClellan.
And everybody was like real keen on him fighting Roy Jones, Jr.
This was when Roy Jones was in his prime. And this was like,
the big challenge was Gerald McClellan, Roy Jones, Jr.
Everybody was thinking that was eventually going to have to happen because
Gerald was just smashing people. And Nigel Benn was tough, man.
tough. But look at this boom, boom, boom. He's like, he's out man.
And he falls through the ropes. You could see he's like really out of it,
but so tough.
And so conditioned that he makes it back like that barely can get through the
ropes. Got a lot of seconds there though. Right?
That's probably more than 10 seconds. So anywhere. And look at the referee.
There's more seconds and Gerald's still teeing off on him and Nigel survives.
It doesn't seem like he's going to survive, but he survives.
So then late in the fight, Nigel's making a comeback.
So scooch way ahead here.
And when Nigel starts teeing off on Gerald and Gerald's punches are coming
real slow and he's getting tired and Nigel starts connecting. And I mean,
the crowd is going bananas. It is a wild fight. And at one point in time,
they head butt and then Nigel hits him with some punches and McClellan takes a
knee. And everybody's like, I can't believe that she's going to quit.
He's going to quit.
And then he goes through his corner and then he slumps and goes unconscious.
Like he knew something was wrong. And any,
anybody that criticizes in the moment, you know, they were saying,
I can't believe he's doing this. I can't believe he's, he just going to quit.
But he knew something was really off. Only the fighter knows. I mean,
maybe it's psychological, but maybe something's wrong, man.
Maybe he can't think maybe his brain is just.
Maybe knows he's not going to be able to punch. Right. Maybe knows there it is.
So he goes down and just decides to stay down. He's like,
something was really wrong. He's like out of it.
Hmm. And you see, this is, I mean, Jared, he just looks,
it looks wrong. Something looks wrong, you know, he's hurt bad.
And Nigel Benn is moving in for the kill.
And he drops him there with an upper cut.
And this is where he quits seat and hell. This is where like you see him,
he's struggling, man. But if I remember correctly,
the commentators were shocked that he decided to stay down,
he's quit. So they set it that way. And you know, I think they were, you know,
expressing some shock that he quit and pretty pumped that Nigel Benn beat him,
but they didn't know, you know,
and Gerald McClellan that injury scared the out of everybody because he was, uh,
you know, one of the golden guys,
he was one of the guys that everybody was excited about. It was like,
if that happened today, you know, to, uh, uh,
Ryan or someone like that, you know, someone who's, uh, you know,
real exciting up and coming dude, someone who's, um, you know,
Canelo, like if Canelo just, I guess canal was a bigger star than Gerald,
but when someone who's of that nature,
like an elite super elite fighter, uh,
winds up going into a coma like that, that's terrifying.
And he came out of it. Okay. No, no, he didn't die. No, he's all up.
He can't see. And um, you know, there's been some videos of, uh, Roy Jones Jr.
Visiting them.
But apparently that was responsible for Roy Jones kind of altering his style and
uh, being very safety first and really, yeah.
And just thinking about eventually, you know, getting out of the sport,
which is ironic, right. Because he wound up fighting later and later and later,
and it was like, I mean, it has last fight just a couple of years ago.